Update JWT topics (#821)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/docs/pages/security/jwt/basic.md

   }
   ```

> ## Optional: Use a remote JWKS as a source {#remote-jwks}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Other configurations

Review other common JWT configuration examples. 

### Remote JWKS {#remote-jwks}
```

> Instead of embedding the keys inline, you can point the provider at a remote JWKS server, such as the JWKS endpoint of an external identity provider. The gateway fetches the keys from the server and caches them, which means you do not have to update the GatewayExtension when the provider rotates its keys. To reach the server, the GatewayExtension references a Backend resource that fronts the JWKS host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of embedding the JWKS keys inline, you can point the provider at a remote JWKS server, such as the JWKS endpoint of an external identity provider. The gateway fetches the keys from the server and caches them, which means you do not have to update the GatewayExtension when the provider rotates its keys. To reach the server, the GatewayExtension references a Backend resource that exposes the JWKS host.
```

1. Create a Backend resource for the remote JWKS server. The following example uses a static Backend that points to an external host. Set the `host` and `port` to match the JWKS server that you want to use.

   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: gateway.kgateway.dev/v1alpha1
   kind: Backend
   metadata:
     name: jwks-server
     namespace: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
   spec:
     type: Static
     static:
       hosts:
         - host: example.com
           port: 443

>    EOF

Reviewer: this backend points to example.com so I don't think this will work. I am wondering if a backend is even required if you provide the url to the external JWKS server in the GatewayExtension resource

Author: Changed to keycloak. I copuld be wrong, but it seems to be required from the product: https://github.com/kgateway-dev/kgateway/blob/main/api/v1alpha1/kgateway/jwt_types.go#L145
```
// BackendRef is reference to the backend of the JWKS server.
// +required
BackendRef gwv1.BackendObjectReference `json:"backendRef"`
```

   ```

2. Update the GatewayExtension to use a `remote` JWKS source instead of `local`. Replace the entire `jwks` block with the `remote` configuration. The `url` is the full JWKS endpoint, and `backendRef` points to the Backend that you created in the previous step.

   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/trafficpolicy-apiversion.md" >}}
   kind: GatewayExtension
   metadata:
     name: selfminted-jwt
     namespace: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
   spec:
     jwt:
       providers:
         - name: remote-provider
           issuer: https://example.com
           jwks:
             remote:
               url: https://example.com/.well-known/jwks.json
               backendRef:
                 name: jwks-server
                 kind: Backend
                 group: gateway.kgateway.dev
               cacheDuration: 10m
   EOF

>    ```

Reviewer: I think we need to update this to use keycloak issuer and backend fields.

Reviewer: the example will probably be very similar to what we have here https://docs.solo.io/kgateway/2.2.x/security/jwt/provider/ in terms of host and issuer, etc.

Author: Updated to keycloak.

   | Field | Description |
   | ----- | ----- |
   | `jwks.remote.url` | The URL of the remote JWKS server. It must be a full FQDN with protocol, host, and path, for example `https://example.com/.well-known/jwks.json`. |
   | `jwks.remote.backendRef` | A reference to the Backend (or other backend resource) that fronts the JWKS server. When you reference a kgateway Backend, set `kind` to `Backend` and `group` to `gateway.kgateway.dev`. |
   | `jwks.remote.cacheDuration` | How long the gateway caches the fetched keys before it refreshes them. If omitted, the keys are cached for 5 minutes. |

   {{< callout type="warning" >}}
   This example uses a placeholder JWKS server (`example.com`), so it does not validate the sample token from the earlier steps. To try it out, replace the host, URL, and `issuer` with the values for a JWKS server that you control, and use a token that is signed by that provider.
   {{< /callout >}}

   For more information, see the [API docs]({{< link-hextra path="/reference/api/#remotejwks" >}}).

> ## Optional: Customize how tokens are validated {#customize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JWT validation modes {#jwt-validation}
```

| `audiences` | `spec.jwt.providers[]` | A list of accepted audiences. An incoming token must include an `aud` claim that matches one of these values. If omitted, the `aud` claim is not checked. |
| `tokenSource` | `spec.jwt.providers[]` | Where to find the JWT. By default, the token is read from the `Authorization` header as a bearer token. Set `header.header` to read it from a different header (and optional `header.prefix` to strip a prefix), or `queryParameter` to read it from a URL query parameter. Exactly one of `header` or `queryParameter` can be set. |
| `forwardToken` | `spec.jwt.providers[]` | Whether to forward the token to the upstream service. If `false` or unset, the gateway removes the token's header before it forwards the request. Set to `true` to keep the token so that the upstream service can use it. |

The following GatewayExtension is a replacement for the one that you created earlier. You can apply it as-is: the request-changing fields (`audiences` and `tokenSource`) are commented out, so the example keeps working with the sample token and requests from the previous steps. Uncomment the fields that you want to use.

```yaml

> kubectl apply -f- <<EOF

Reviewer: add a sample config for strict validation and allow missing here 

add the following other headings: 

### Configure audiences
### Customize token source 
### Forward tokens upstream

and then have an example config for each of those with a sentence or two explaining what this does

Author: Changed to these sections. Added strict validation.

Review other common JWT configuration examples.

### Remote JWKS {#remote-jwks}

Instead of embedding the JWKS keys inline, you can point the provider at a remote JWKS server, such as the JWKS endpoint of an external identity provider. The gateway fetches the keys from the server and caches them, which means you do not have to update the GatewayExtension when the provider rotates its keys.

The following example uses Keycloak as the identity provider.

1. Set the following environment variables to match your Keycloak installation.

   ```sh
   export HOST_KEYCLOAK=<keycloak-host>    # hostname of your Keycloak server, for example keycloak.example.com
   export PORT_KEYCLOAK=443               # port that Keycloak listens on
   export KEYCLOAK_URL=https://$HOST_KEYCLOAK
   ```

2. Create a Backend resource that points to the Keycloak host.

   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: gateway.kgateway.dev/v1alpha1
   kind: Backend
   metadata:
     name: keycloak
     namespace: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
   spec:
     type: Static
     static:
       hosts:
         - host: $HOST_KEYCLOAK
           port: $PORT_KEYCLOAK
   EOF
   ```

> 3. Update the GatewayExtension to use the Keycloak JWKS endpoint. Set the `issuer` to the Keycloak realm URL and the `url` to the realm's JWKS endpoint. The `backendRef` points to the Backend you created in the previous step; kgateway routes the key-fetch request through it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the GatewayExtension to use the Keycloak JWKS endpoint. Set the `issuer` to the Keycloak realm URL and the `url` to the realm's JWKS endpoint. The `backendRef` points to the Backend that you created in the previous step. The kgateway proxy uses this Backend to fetch the JWKS keys from Keycloak. 
```

   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/trafficpolicy-apiversion.md" >}}
   kind: GatewayExtension
   metadata:
     name: selfminted-jwt
     namespace: {{< reuse "docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}}
   spec:
     jwt:
       providers:
         - name: keycloak
           issuer: $KEYCLOAK_URL/realms/master
           jwks:
             remote:
               url: $KEYCLOAK_URL/realms/master/protocol/openid-connect/certs
               backendRef:
                 name: keycloak
                 kind: Backend
                 group: gateway.kgateway.dev
               cacheDuration: 10m
   EOF
   ```

   | Field | Description |
   | ----- | ----- |
   | `jwks.remote.url` | The full URL of the JWKS endpoint, including protocol, host, and path. |

>    | `jwks.remote.backendRef` | A reference to the Backend that fronts the JWKS server. kgateway routes the key-fetch request through this Backend. Set `kind` to `Backend` and `group` to `gateway.kgateway.dev`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `jwks.remote.backendRef` | A reference to the Backend that fronts the JWKS server. The kgateway proxy uses this Backend to fetch the JWKS keys from Keycloak. Set `kind` to `Backend` and `group` to `gateway.kgateway.dev`. |
```
